# [Who Owns The CID](https://eddikim.github.io/CID-Project/)

In the past 15 years, the Chinatown International District (CID) has faced significant upzoning, challenging the well-being of its working-class community. Since the CID’s “unique cultural identity” is “tied up in the businesses that support residents, the regional Asian population, and visitors alike, there is a real concern that new development will bring in businesses that don’t fit or complement the neighborhood as it is now” (Aregerious, 2018). This is a concern we had a strong desire to help address and educate others on because the way outside businesses are undermining the CID community is detrimental in more ways than one. Just last year, the construction of a Sound Transit station along Fourth Avenue was proposed which would inevitably lead to the displacement and demolition of numerous businesses within the CID. Although this proposal has not been finalized, there has been heavy push back from over “300 nonprofit organizations, small businesses, and other community leaders within the CID community” (Oron 2023). This serves as another example of the vulnerable position that the residents of the CID are being forced into and the need for increased efforts in addressing this problem. Furthermore, considering the vast number of senior citizens that reside in the CID, many of them are not fluent in English and would be socially isolated if they were pushed out of their community (Aregerious 2018). The growing gentrification of the CID is an issue that will affect the very livelihood of its residents and have long lasting consequences that we, along with strong advocates like Puget Sound Sage, believe are not being fully empathized. In light of this issue, our goal was to develop an interactive web map and analysis to preserve small business land ownership and advocate for land conservation in the CID. We had three main objectives for this project. The first was to analyze notable changes in ownership trends over time within the CID. The second was to analyze how land is utilized within the CID, and what the predominant land use patterns are. The third objective was to analyze the ways in which corporate entities who own land within the CID are impacting its local community and residents. We wanted to take a deeper look at LLCs (Limited Liability Companies) due to the reason that LLCs hide the true owner of parcels, making it hard to understand ownership and land use in an area. Additionally, we set out to observe the occurrence of $0 property transactions and analyze what this means and why this is occurring so frequently within the CID. 



